PLAINTEXT 1

(if the key is:QWERTYUIOPASDFGHJKLZXCVBNM, the accuracy can reach 100%)

The weird thing about the annoying know-it-all personality type is that they seem to be everywhere. The reason behind this is simple: He literally is everyone. We all carry elements of Chad within us, and every once in a while that fucker surfaces and starts whipping assumed knowledge around like crotches in that Dick Slang video. With the slightest of modifications, it's the default mode of annoying brats and teenagers everywhere, the prevailing mindset of roughly 99.99 percent of all Internet forums, and, of course, the mindset behind that tiny voice in your head that wants to mock and yell at other people when they don't use the gun you prefer to shoot faces off in your online video game.Unfortunately, you can never teach yourself to un-besserwisser. Not really. Even the best of us aren't above occasional, annoying know-it-allery. Grab a Bible and take a vodka shot every time Jesus, by default a template of a perfect human being, delivers a condescending "You know nothing"-style line to someone. I guarantee you'll be drunk well before Golgotha.However, that's not to say you can't learn to moderate that behavior. In my experience, the trick is simple: Admit to yourself that sometimes you're an asshole, and try to unleash that behavior only when applicable (i.e. when faced with an even bigger asshole). That way, the rest of the world may go about its merry way while, instead of bothering other people, two flaming assholes are rubbing up against each other instead. That, uh, was a stranger mental image than I was going for.



PLAINTEXT 2

eBay may turn household junk into online treasure, but archaeologists held their breaths in horrified anticipation when the site first launched over a decade ago thinking that the illegal artifacts market would surely explode in a frenzy of looting.

Now the same archaeologists conclude that the online auction site has had a very different impact on their field. Looting ancient sites turns out to be less profitable than just churning out the fakes and hawking them on eBay.

"For most of us, the Web has forever distorted the antiquities trafficking market in a positive way," said Charles "Chip" Stanish, an archaeologist at UCLA and an international expert on Andean archaeology.

If that didn't quite compute, consider the numbers. Stanish first found about a 50-50 ratio of real artifacts to fakes when he began tracking eBay's stock of antiquities related to his field. The fake relics jumped to 95 percent of the online inventory just five years later – and now their quality has improved so much that even Stanish has a hard time telling them apart from the real goods.

It sounds like a pain, but archaeologists consider it a blessing. Whole villages in certain parts of the world have gone from treasure hunting to manufacturing knockoffs. The resulting flood of copies has actually increased risks of buying genuine artifacts and lowered overall prices, further discouraging the casual looter.

Stanish visited workshops in Peru and Bolivia to talk with artisans about how they reproduce pottery, and also tracked eBay listings of antiquities originating from a variety of other places.

"Chinese, Bulgarian, Egyptian, Peruvian and Mexican workshops are now producing fakes at a frenetic pace," Stanish wrote in a paper that's detailed in the May/June issue of Archaeology.

Two issues hover on the horizon. First, fakes have become so technologically sophisticated that authentication has become a minefield, even for experts.

Stanish suspects that thirty percent of eBay's "antiquities" are obvious fakes, and a mere five percent are genuine. That leaves the rest in the 'ambiguous' category, where even Stanish admits to being duped on occasion in shops that sell both looted and fake items.
Second, authentication technology will eventually catch up, just as it has helped protect real currency and identify art forgeries. That could leave prospective artifact collectors very unhappy to discover that their purportedly genuine pieces are less-than-historical – which leads to the dampening of buyer enthusiasm.

As Stanish asked, "Who wants to spend $50,000 on an object 'guaranteed' to be ancient by today's standards, when someone can come along in five years with a new technology that definitively proves it to be a fake?”



PLAINTEXT 3

David Benioff and DB Weiss have confirmed what everyone suspected, that the TV series and George R.R Martin's books will finish up in the same place but that the HBO show will get there first.

The series is being produced faster than Martin can write material for them to adapt at the moment, and fans are still waiting on the sixth book, The Winds of Winter.

HBO will not slow down to wait for the author however, but continue at the same pace regardless.

On the prospect of soon catching up with the novels, Benioff told Oxford Union: "Luckily, we’ve been talking about this with George for a long time, ever since we saw this could happen, and we know where things are heading.

"And so we'll eventually, basically, meet up at pretty much the same place where George is going; there might be a few deviations along the route, but we're heading towards the same destination.

"I kind of wish that there were some things we didn't have to spoil, but we're kind of stuck between a rock and a hard place. The show must go on… and that's what we're going to do."

The move will put significant pressure on its writers, who will presumably have basic notes from Martin on where the plot is headed, but for the first time not the detail.

It also might come to the annoyance of book-readers, who face a much harder challenge in avoiding  spoilers from the show than vice versa.